Automate Control Plane RG Setup (#480)
microsoft/MLOS: mlos_bench/mlos_bench/config/services/remote/azure/scripts/setup-rg/README.md

# Resource Group Setup

These scripts are helpers for setting up a new resource group (RG) in Azure as the *control plane* for MLOS.
The *control plane RG* is a container for the *persistent* resources of MLOS (results/metrics storage, scheduler VM, notebook interface, etc.).

## Quickstart

1. Starting in this current directory, ensure that we are logged in to Azure CLI.

    ```sh
    az login
    ```

> 1. Make a copy of the control plane ARM parameters file.

Reviewer: The numbering on these are all `1.` which won't render well.  Please have a look in the markdown linter inside the devcontainer.

Author: Changed back to actual numbers

    ```sh
    cp rg-template.example.parameters.json rg-template.parameters.json
    ```

> 1. (Optional) Make a copy of the results DB parameters file, if planning to provision a results DB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. (Optional) Make a copy of the results DB parameters file, if planning to provision a results DB (suggested).
```

    ```sh
    cp results-db/mysql-template.parameters.example.json results-db/mysql-template.parameters.json
    ```

1. Modify the ARM parameters in the newly created files as needed, especially the `PLACEHOLDER` values.

1. Execute the main script with CLI args as follows:

    ```shell

>     ./setup-rg.ps1 `

Reviewer: Please provide alternative examples for sh version as well.

Author: Added sh example!

        -controlPlaneArmParameters $controlPlaneArmParams `
        -resultsDbArmParameters $resultsDbArmParams  # If provisioning results DB, otherwise omit `
        -servicePrincipalName $servicePrincipalName `
        -resourceGroupName $resourceGroupName `
        -certName $certName
    ```

>     where `$*ArmParams` can be the corresponding `*.parameters.json` and from before. However, it also follows the same usage as `--parameters` in [az deployment group create](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/deployment/group?view=azure-cli-latest#az-deployment-group-create-examples).

Author: Changed the naming as suggested!

## Workflow

The high-level flow for what this script automates is as follows:

1. Assign `Contributor` access to the Service Principal (SP) for write access over resources.
    Ideally, experiment resources are placed in their own RG.
    When that isn't possible, they can also be placed in the control plane RG, in which case the SP can optionally be given access to the control plane RG as well.

> 1. Provision control plane resources into the RG.

Reviewer: Again with the numbering issues.
